Please make these updates next:
1. The text is still not centered on the buttons in game! - please pay careful attention or redo your approach on how this is calculated. All button the text is slightly below the center positioned vertically.
2. make enchanted forest have mushrooms with long stems as the obstacles
3. change Ghost power up to 15 seconds and when you hit an object as the ghost - phase through it and show a different animation than when you hit an obstacle. 
4. When you hit an obstacle, create a new animation to only make the one you hit crumble into a bunch of pixels (if you only hit the bottom one than the top one stats intact). 
5. The red shield that you get from the dragon blood should be pixel art
6. the lava should not loop back into brown cave - the lava should loop endlessly when you reach it 
6.5 make the gaps in the lava slightly tighter (this is the last area so it should be difficult)
7. when picking the power up after transitioning into a new area the obstacles abruptly change after the menu closes down
8. change phoenix up wording to “You are revived once per run,” 
9. make lucky upgrade only increase by 5% per level

make different color sprites for the different coins

When purchasing dragons, change it so you have to click the purchase button to actually purchase it. 
The rose dragon’s incrementing the score does not work with transitioning the areas correctly, 
gilded dragon fix the wording - every 10 coins collected …, 
for the start boost have the left most option be No Boost text without an icon - No is on the first line and Boost is on the second line within that box - also 1 hit and 60s is clipping the text of how many coins it costs
remove the out of place 2x1 white squares at the tips of the ice obstacles (keep the rest of the ice the same - it looks great!. 
The fire obstacles attached to the ceiling still do not have any lava veins like the bottom ones do. Some of the lava vein designs are too hectic - please assume the position of an expert pixel art designer and refine those lava veins